what's up everyone this is cyber night
games and today we'll be opening up a
Blaziken eax 10 for you guys so yeah the
last 21 Tim that I have like i said i'll
probably get some more of these two in
the future and and i wanna get some the
older tends to give me some ideas what
Tim's you guys want to see in openings
in general on pokemon on this channel
because anything new of course I'm going
to open up but I want to open up some of
the older stuff too so give me some
ideas anyway I got this tin from bein
collectibles too so be sure to check
them out link in the description they're
an awesome sight so they have like in a
Ricard game and everything too I always
get a lot of really cool stuff from them
so be sure check them out in the
description I have some amazing deals
and you can even use the code cyber
night to get a five percent off your
order and then even when you order with
even if without using the code you get
five percent back of store credit so you
know using both together you pretty much
get like ten percent back on it so it's
pretty cool there we go my only
complaint with welcome on tents I'm
where I'm going to bend the card take me
all that plastic have Blaziken TX
awesome-looking post gadelle ablaze skip
one of my favorite Pokemon out there and
yeah it just looks amazing I can't wait
till we get those megas I think I've
said that every one of these ten
openings but seriously I hope they get
it out soon I got to get the Megas to
all of a place against it challenge
lumber that's why I mainly clicked from
Pokemon anyway furious fist but i love
the mega wishes i don't think there's
been one bad make evolution really out
of all the games and everything so i
want to get them all in card form right
let's see first back we have scorpy
trapinch clefairy Shroomish a Patrat
then um hamara I know we have something
good so that threw me off and we have a
karina full art that happened in our
last 10 we got a full are two out of
this pack and it threw me off a thing
then two on the reverse that's awesome i
don't think i have this one yet so
that's that's really cool i'm trying to
go fuller it's like i said last time
which is kind of a crazy thing to do
honestly but the artworks are always
amazing on the full art cards in manch
really shiny hopefully you guys can see
pretty well what the card looks like but
a yeah awesome card and guy got another
full art from this that's really cool
and then from rest coach we have him on
top
fossil researcher which was a flirt we
got last time and clefable so yeah that
is awesome that's hard to beat that when
you start off with an opening like that
also I know what I've you know stop
doing the card trick and stuff two of
them but don't worry guys I'm always
going to show all the cards that are in
the pack too so you know even with that
we got the full art I'm still going to
show you guys all the cards we have the
packs don't worry I know some people are
you know the reason I like the card
trick and they were kind of worried that
I would you know not to show the rest of
cards I'm always going to so don't worry
about that anyway we have clam pearl
bunnelby in loomis so rock Mudkip holy
crap we got something else good delcatty
and we have a Wailord eax I love this
card I have a few of these I think I
might now have a place of them if I'm if
I'm not mistaken but I just loved he's
like hey guys this is up like he looks
on the card just looks awesome and an ax
card is always awesome to get to so
that's that's really funny i just love i
love his face on there should be a mega
version of Wailord that needs to happen
next game come on give them a mega form
then we have a mess karein a acro bike
and lombre lumbre just doesn't care I
love that though he's just like what's
up we really need a mega form although
make a tight pollution just saying I'm
not going to stop whining on that until
we get it needs to happen all right for
this fact we have not to shove it
dratini cascoon halloo chaa then a
Salamence that's really cool reverse
Articuno i always forget the luxury
birds are in these I think we guys after
some welcome to so we got an Articuno on
this one Ninjask shelgon and revive
that's pretty cool pack and less patch
what are we going to end this opening
with hopefully something awesome those
codes they make it so you show the code
now aspect we have a dratini Electrike
Taillow egg on beat of then a cleft key
reverse a beignet I still love that
artwork he looks kind of scary mean it's
always been kind of scary ghost pokemon
where I think so then we have a lot T of
spirit
think executive or and moon pheasant so
there we go we were able to get full art
in EXO that's really good 10 and big one
my favorite Pokemon to having Blaziken
so really awesome I really do recommend
buying some of these tins I think
they're worth it have a lot of cool
cards in them and they're not bad on
price either so be sure to check them
out and like I said tooth begin this
video if you guys have you know there's
any openings you guys want to see that a
Pokemon related give me some ideas in
the comments like I said anything new
that comes up rokom on any box tins
anything like that I do plan to do
opening sound I have a lot of openings
plan for you guys anyway because there's
so much stuff is coming out lately but
any of the older stuff you guys can give
me some idea so what you would like to
see you know I know of course people
won't see like the base set stuff and
I'll try to if I can amplify it you know
without you know it costing an arm and a
leg but especially I'm like older tins
and different packs and stuff like that
you know if you have some ideas and
stuff you'd love to see I would love to
hear it so yeah I hope you guys who
enjoyed this video as always thank you
guys for watching me to come orient and
subscribe I'm not done doing the let's
play stuff either I'm just kind of
trying to get some other stuff done got
a lot of stuff going on my life but uh I
do plan to bring back the the lunch
place and stuff on different things like
maybe the yugioh Let's Plays and for
sure on Pokemon so just kind of give me
a second on that mainly I can only do
openings at the moment because of just
busy life but I do plan to bring the
customer yeah hope you guys enjoyed as
always thank you guys for watching and I
will catch you guys later see